Cosmic Construction is a game about building factories to automate production of items, which will eventually allow you to visit other planets and automate the resources found there.
To get started, select the delete tool and chop down a few trees and boulders. This will drop items, which can be dragged into the storage silo found nearby.
Items inside the storage silo can be used to build machines. Gather enough to build a sapling planter with a tree chopper pointing towards it. This will produce wood automatically and infinitely.
The wood will drop randomly in a 3x3 area around the sapling planter. Conveyors can be placed to automatically collect the wood, and then feed them into the storage silo.
The next resource to be automated is stone, which comes from drills. After placing the drill, you will need to set the recipe, which can be done by clicking on it.
Once the recipe is set, wood needs to be fed into the drill to get stone out of it. After saving up some stone, you can place another drill to get coal.
Use the stone and coal to build a furnace that produces stone bricks. These will be needed for the refined drill, which unlocks more advanced materials.
After getting your first advanced drill, You will see the same 2 recipes as before, but with coal as fuel. This drill will produce these resources faster and consumes less fuel.
There are also 2 new recipes, iron ore and copper ore. These are crucial in unlocking new structures, so a large supply will be required.
Furnaces can be used to convert the copper and iron into plates, as the ore state is practically useless.
The next 2 machines are the laser cutter and wire press, which convert iron and copper plates into a variety of more useful products.
One path to explore is oil production; the pumpjack can be used to extract crude oil and fill empty barrels with it. This can then be processed in an oil refinery into 3 products: kerosene, lubricant and petroleum.
Petroleum can be converted into plastic, which is used in making circuits and cheaper barrels. Kerosene is used to create rocket fuel tanks.
